ResetFailed (#933)
engelmi/hirte: doc/docs/api/description.md

    `ReloadUnit()`/`RestartUnit()` is similar to `StartUnit()` but can be used to reload/restart a unit instead. See
    equivalent systemd methods for details.

  * `ResetFailed()`

>     Equivalent to sysytemd method `ResetFailed`. This method will reset all failed jobs on the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Equivalent to sytemd method `ResetFailed`. This method will reset the failed state of all units on the node.
```

  * `ResetFailedUnit(in  s name)`

>     Equivalent to sysytemd method `ResetFailedUnit`. This method will reset a failed job on the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Equivalent to sytemd method `ResetFailedUnit`. This method will reset the failed state for a specific unit on the node.
```
